university actors since they sport
but territory
[Music]
lime-new crowd of great days for
the Nordic combined world cup at
this opportunity French athletes have
received a nice gift back from edge
offer in Germany the brand new
waxing truck of France teams
Nordic ski was for the first time
times in France on a competition
each team now a big
team for all a truck since
a few years already and we actually
this bet actually to have a model
a bit special a little special it's
not 39 tons it's also a real
advantage for runners there is a
psychological aspect is obvious
to have come out with
feel how to say with a beautiful truck
that comes to help the logistics an effect
psychological that can be read in
eyes ten athletes it's still
it's still the class on occasion
of sharing here in new lime we are the
first team in the Nordic combined
to have a truck like that so that's
great for sure we have the chance
to have this waxing truck with the
structure of the interior to make
work right now on the ground and
I hope it will pay
at the level of the thigh but they make the
good job and I think my neck with
that in addition it gives even more the
motivation
yes it's true that for us it's the
weight class if you really like
Super beautiful
inside they are the technicians
the factors really have a month of
gear to married men for strong they
are they going to have working conditions
who are really great yes that allows
especially compared to biathlon and ski
of background to follow the wagon because he
there are already 6 2 7 6 7 trucks on the cut
the world so we want to say to
wagon and Nordic combined suites
it's downright mean of Vence January
because it's the first truck
Official coming out on the circuit
a trailer 16 meters long by 4
may 30 wide thanks to a very
ingenious drawer the waxing gun
is equipped with six positions and includes
also the happy structure a machine
numerically controlled
formerly stationed at premanon there we are in
paraffin train and a six that the
structure is this morning in the truck
so already it's a big advantage to have
the happy structure here that we're going
ability to work on all sites
of world cup so that's it really
the big plus then the second
advantage is a little what we see there
there so the irons are directly
plugged into aspirations so for the
health of technicians it's a big
more
which also has all the comfort we have
place to work there six positions of
work so we can work 1,6 at the same
good time we combine electro so
but it's really super great tool
job
design a waxing truck it was
an extraordinary project for the
bodywork delberghe install the rock
on foron in Haute Savoie
this original project she led in
close liaison with the teams from
National Nordic Ski Center
premanon the most difficult at the level of
the design is the semi
trailer who is behind who is on
a base of semi trailers
as if they were refrigerated with
insulated panels and extensions of
each hydraulic side that allow
to enlarge the width of the vehicle for
I would say brought the specificity of a
wider workshop truck
as you see it inside big
designers in there is still
Gregory deschamps so that's the boss
of the glide of the biathlon him during
two years because they were also on
a circuit where there was already a lot of
German seedlings Norwegian and so of
Following could visit them
it's a small idea then revisit the
French fashionable concept is actually
history for example drawers of
extensions of which a convenience to
the interior which is really top what the
Quément waxing and colors
general council of the jura who contributed
to its financing with the company
hydro stadium a subsidiary of the edf group
departmental communities reinforces
so his presence in the Nordic
french them for me the jura was the
land I would say Nordic skiing and
cross-country skiing and we wish
communicate to make people want
large number
come in our department and he we
seemed in the relationship that we have
with the France team with the
French ski federation and although
this partnership around this truck
was good complement what we have
already it is an equipment that will show
that the jura which is a small department
can play in the big leagues
[Music]
[Applause]